doc: Improve nRF Cloud device security docs (#7636)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/ug_nrf_cloud.rst

* Once connected, the device subscribes to the desired MQTT topics.
* Each MQTT publish event contains the MQTT topic and the payload.

Security
********

> A device can successfully connect to `nRF Cloud`_ using REST if:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A device can successfully connect to `nRF Cloud`_ using REST if the following requirements are met:
```

> * the device contains a correct x509 CA certificate, and private key
> * the public key derived from the private key is registered with an nRF Cloud account
> * the device calls nRF Cloud REST APIs which require a JSON Web Token (JWT) by providing a JWT signed by the private key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The device contains a correct x509 CA certificate, and private key.
* The public key derived from the private key is registered with an nRF Cloud account.
* The device calls nRF Cloud REST APIs which require a JSON Web Token (JWT) by providing a JWT signed by the private key
```
The last item does not read very well (thinking of it as a requirement).
Maybe something like: " A JSON Web Token (JWT) signed by the private key is available for the nRF Cloud REST API calls."?

> A device can successfully connect to `nRF Cloud`_ using MQTT if:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A device can successfully connect to `nRF Cloud`_ using MQTT if the following requirements are met:
```

> * the device contains a correct x509 CA certificate, device certificate, and private key
> * the device id and device certificate are provisioned with nRF Cloud
> * the device id is associated with an nRF Cloud account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The device contains a correct x509 CA certificate, device certificate, and private key.
* The device ID and device certificate are provisioned with nRF Cloud.
* The device ID is associated with an nRF Cloud account.
```

> `nRF Cloud`_ supports two different ways for creating and installing these certificates both in the device and the cloud.
> See `nRF Cloud Provisioning`_ for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`nRF Cloud`_ supports the following two ways for creating and installing these certificates both in the device and the cloud:
```
Link moved after the two options.

* Just in time provisioning

>   In the user's nRF Cloud account, the user enters the device id in a web form, then downloads a JSON file containing the CA certificate, device certificate, and private key.
>   Alternatively, the user can access the nRF Cloud REST API to do so.
>   The user programs the credentials in the JSON file into the device using LTE Link Monitor.
>   Because the private key is exposed during these steps, this is the less secure option.
>   See :ref:`nrf9160_ug_updating_cloud_certificate` for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. In your nRF Cloud account, enter the device ID in a web form, then download a JSON file containing the CA certificate, device certificate, and private key.

    Alternatively, use the nRF Cloud REST API to do this.

  #. Program the credentials in the JSON file into the device using LTE Link Monitor.

  The private key is exposed during these steps, and therefore, this is the less secure option.
  See :ref:`nrf9160_ug_updating_cloud_certificate` for details.
```

* Preconnect provisioning

>   The user runs a Python script :file:`device_credentials_installer.py`, for which the user specifies a number of parameters including the device id.
>   The script instructs the device to securely generate and store a private key, which never leaves the device.
>   The script programs into the device the specified CA certificate.
>   Because the private key never leaves the device, this is the more secure option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Run the  :file:`device_credentials_installer.py` Python script.

     You need to specify a number of parameters including the device ID.
 
  The script instructs the device to securely generate and store a private key, which never leaves the device.
  The script programs  the specified CA certificate into the device.
  The private key never leaves the device, which makes this a more secure option.
```

>   See `Securely Generating Credentials on the nRF9160`_ for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  See `Securely Generating Credentials on the nRF9160`_  and `nRF Cloud Provisioning`_ for more details.
```

* Once connected, the device subscribes to the desired MQTT topics.
* Each MQTT publish event contains the MQTT topic and the payload.

Security
********

A device can successfully connect to `nRF Cloud`_ using REST if:

* the device contains a correct x509 CA certificate, and private key
* the public key derived from the private key is registered with an nRF Cloud account
* the device calls nRF Cloud REST APIs which require a JSON Web Token (JWT) by providing a JWT signed by the private key

A device can successfully connect to `nRF Cloud`_ using MQTT if:

* the device contains a correct x509 CA certificate, device certificate, and private key
* the device id and device certificate are provisioned with nRF Cloud
* the device id is associated with an nRF Cloud account

`nRF Cloud`_ supports two different ways for creating and installing these certificates both in the device and the cloud.
See `nRF Cloud Provisioning`_ for more information.

> * Online

Reviewer 2: Is "Online" provisioning used anywhere else?  Why not just say this is JITP provisioning?

  In the user's nRF Cloud account, the user enters the device id in a web form, then downloads a JSON file containing the CA certificate, device certificate, and private key.
  Alternatively, the user can access the nRF Cloud REST API to do so.
  The user programs the credentials in the JSON file into the device using LTE Link Monitor.
  See :ref:`nrf9160_ug_updating_cloud_certificate` for details.

> * Offline

Reviewer 2: Is "Offline" provisioning used anywhere else?  Why not just say this is Preconnect provisioning?
Also, its only "offline" for the first few steps.

  The user runs a Python script, for which the user specifies a number of parameters including the device id.
  The script instructs the device to securely generate and store a private key, which never leaves the device.
  The script programs into the device the specified CA certificate.

  For MQTT or nRF Cloud FOTA:

    #. The script receives a Certificate Signing Request (CSR) from the device, and uses this to generate a device certificate.

    #. The script programs the device certificate into the device, and adds this plus some other fields to a csv file.

    #. The user sends the csv file to nRF Cloud via the web interface or REST API.

    #. nRF Cloud provisions the device and associates it with the user's account.

  For REST:

    #. The script receives a Certificate Signing Request (CSR) from the device, and uses this to extract the public key.

    #. The user registers the public key with nRF Cloud via the web interface or REST API.

>   See :ref:`Securely Generating Credentials on the nRF9160` for details.

Reviewer 2: why not just link to this instead of listing all the steps?

Author: Good point

* :ref:`asset_tracker_v2`

> The following samples demonstrate specific nRF Cloud functionality using MQTT:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following sample demonstrates nRF Cloud-specific functionality using MQTT:
```

* :ref:`nrf_cloud_mqtt_multi_service`

> The following samples demonstrate specific nRF Cloud functionality using REST:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following samples demonstrate nRF Cloud-specific functionality using REST:
```
